characters

List of characters and give an intro 


characters

Ross Geller
Friends is very much an ensemble show, without one singular protagonist. That said, if there is one protagonist (at least at the beginning of the series), it's definitely Ross Geller (David Schwimmer).

Monica Geller
Monica Geller is two years younger than her brother Ross, and grew up with him on Long Island, where they were raised Jewish. 

Rachel Green
Rachel Green also grew up on Long Island, with her parents, Leonard (Ron Leibman) and Sandra (Marlo Thomas), and sisters Amy (Christina Applegate) and Jill (Reese Witherspoon).

Chandler Bing
Chandler Bing was the only son of Nora (Morgan Fairchild) and Charles Bing (Kathleen Turner), who split up when Chandler was nine because Charles was sleeping with the pool boy and had decided to come out and live openly as gay. 

Phoebe Buffay
Phoebe Buffay had a much rougher childhood than any of her friends. She and her twin sister Ursula (also Lisa Kudrow) were conceived in a threesome between Phoebe Abbott (Teri Garr), Frank Buffay (Bob Balaban), and Lily Buffay. 

Joey Tribbiani
Joey Tribbiani Jr. grew up as the only boy out of eight children in an Italian family in Queens.

Settings

Friends Locations
Most Friends scenes (especially the apartments) were shot on-set at Warner Bros Studios. The real-life locations were filmed in Manhattan, New York, California, and London, England. While supposedly about a group of Manhattan friends, the Friends sitcom was shot at Stage 5 at the Warner Bros Ranch in California.
The Friends production team felt taking the show out of the set made it less funny. So they ensured only a few locations were selected for the individual shoots. Significant things like the Thanksgiving ballgame, the fountain in the opening credits (also at Warner Bros), and all the Las Vegas casino scenes have been shot on set.

conflict 

Monica and Chandler keep sleeping together, but try to act like they're just fooling around. Eventually, they realize they don't want to date anyone but each other, and become a committed couple. At first, they try to keep their relationship a secret from their friends, but it soon proves impossible. Ross is the last to find out, and is initially angry at his best friend for sleeping with his sister, until Chandler makes it clear that he deeply cares for Monica and is taking this relationship seriously.
If Ross and Rachel's relationship is messy and chaotic, Chandler and Monica's grows ever more stable with the passage of time. After dating for a year, they move in together, and a year after that, they get engaged and begin planning their wedding. After getting married, they try to have a baby but fail to conceive, eventually leading them to adopt twin babies named Jack and Erica.

Theme 
Friendship sitcom

Aashish
She briefly shared an apartment with Monica Geller, but moved out secretly after realizing that Monica's obsession with cleanliness would eventually make her hate Phoebe. So Phoebe moved her possessions to her grandmother's apartment a few at a time, but kept hanging out with Monica and their other friends.
